Project Overview

Essential Steps
1. Setting Up Laravel
To set up Laravel, please follow the instructions provided in the guide below:
How to Set Up Laravel:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFFXPAOvIic

2. Installing and Configuring JDBC with MySQL/PostgreSQL
For installing and configuring JDBC with MySQL or PostgreSQL, refer to the following guide:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhljL_0gm04


SET UP YOUR DATA BASE CREATE A DATA BASE NAMED Student
then create this table 

CREATE TABLE students (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    name VARCHAR(100),
    age INT,
    address VARCHAR(255),
    contact VARCHAR(50),
    enrolled VARCHAR(50)
);


How to Run the Project|

Setting Up the Client

Ensure you have two XML files in the client folder. The Info.java program will parse these XML files.
Open the command prompt or terminal and navigate to the client folder.
Compile and run the Info.java program by executing the following commands:
Copy code
javac Info.java
java Info
The client will start parsing the XML files that have been inputted.
Functionality of Info.java
The Info.java program allows you to enroll a student in a specific course. Here's how it works:

Viewing Students and Courses: Use the "view students" and "view courses" options to see the list of students and available courses.
Enrolling a Student: Select the student by their ID, then select the course code (which you can find using the "view courses" option).
Multiple Enrollments: You can enroll a student in multiple courses.
Maintaining Connection: Do not close the Info.java program after parsing the XML files. It serves as a connection between the client and the server, facilitating data export to the database.
Setting Up the Server
Open the command prompt or terminal and navigate to the server side.
Compile and run the Server.java program by executing the following commands:
arduino
Copy code
javac Server.java
java Server
If the program indicates that the data has been successfully inserted into the database, check your Laravel setup to verify the data on the page.



